---
slug: update-110
title: v1.1.0 Update
authors: moon
---
## Town of Us: Mira has updated to [v1.1.0](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/releases/tag/v1.1.0)!
<sub>**Note:** Some Epic Games users may experience crashes or failure to launch due to a change in the base game version. The dev team is aware of this issue, though it is unrelated to the mod itself.</sub>

### New Crewmate Protective Role — The [Mirrorcaster](/docs/roles/crewmate/protective/mirrorcaster)!
The **Mirrorcaster** can place a protective Magic Mirror on another player to absorb attacks, which they can unleash onto another player.

### New Impostor Power Role — The [Ambassador](/docs/roles/impostor/power/ambassador)!
The **Ambassador** can retain themselves or impostor teammates into other roles, under certain conditions. (Note: the confirmation option is not currently functional. This role also does not play correctly with FFA Impostor mod currently).

### New Impostor Killing Role — The [Ambusher](/docs/roles/impostor/killing/ambusher)!
The **Ambusher** can pursue a player and use them to kill the closest person to them. If successful, the Ambusher will become a shadow and teleport the body back to themselves.

<!-- truncate -->

### Changelog

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Role Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmates**</summary>
* Imitator checks should no longer prevent them from selecting a new role.
* Warden will add a second to the cooldown of whatever ability is used on a fortified player to prevent brute force attempts.
* Lookout can see the roles that interacted with their dead targets again.
* Prosecutor uses are used correctly and no longer force a prosecution twice in a row.
* Veteran will properly add alert uses via tasks to prevent ending the game.
* The Mayor reveal is now visually correct and shows the hands correctly.
* Medic Shield, Cleric Barrier, and Warden Fort will be removed on disconnection properly.
* Detective / Medic report options being at 0 seconds will no longer stop any information.
* Transporter now transports players correctly, no more desync.
* If the Snitch reveals neutral killers, they now show the role color.
* If a blessed player is swapped, the swapped target will still be ejected.
* Transporting a body next to a wall no longer places it outside of bounds ([PR #51](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/pull/51), Nix-main).
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Impostors**</summary>
* If an Undertaker dies while dragging a body, the body will be let go automatically.
* Abilities can be used in Eclipse and while flashed now (bodies are not reportable in grenade flash, though, only in Eclipse).
* Scavenger targets are no longer given during a meeting.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutrals**</summary>
* Fix Alive Neutral Ghost on Jester win.
* Jester Haunt, Phantom Spook, and Executioner Torment ignore shields correctly now.
* Jester Haunt, Phantom Spook, and Executioner Torment cannot be opened multiple times anymore.
* Amnesiac will correctly know who their target is as GA or Executioner.
* Amnesiac will remove douses/infection when picking up Arsonist/Plaguebearer.
* Pestilence transform checks will run locally for the Plaguebearer, not everyone in general, to avoid desync or anything of that degree.
* Amnesiac will no longer become an OG Vampire unless they took the role of the OG Vamp.
</details> 
</details>


<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Miscellaneous Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Modifier Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Shy ghosts are no longer invisible, but their hat stays translucent.
* Mini and Giant can climb ladders correctly now without getting stuck.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Other Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Zipline and Ladder work for Phantom/Haunter once again.
* Impostor Streak Reduction no longer triggers the 1 impostor bug.
</details>

</details>


<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Improvements and Changes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Improvements**</summary>
* Dying to Veteran now says "Attacked", dying to Deputy says "Blasted", and dying to Vampire says "Bitten".
* Support for other MiraAPI mods has been improved across the board (this does not affect you if you only play Town of Us Mira standalone).
* Plumber now swaps between 3 barricade sprites.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Additions and Changes**</summary>
* **Added:** New Role Buckets: Impostor Power and Impostor Special.
* **Added:** Added a Maximum Medic Shield Uses setting.
* **Added:** Game Timer can now be paused at certain times within meetings.
* **Changed:** Torch is no longer immune to Eclipsal.
* **Changed:** Mercenary and GA can win with their targets from alliance modifiers.
* **Changed:** Plumber barricades will now only stay for a set amount of rounds (customizable, can be infinite).
</details>

</details>

