---
slug: update-130
title: v1.3.0 Update
authors: moon
---

## Town of Us: Mira has updated to [v1.3.0](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/releases/tag/v1.3.0)!

This version is **NOT** compatible with the latest Among Us version. Please refer to installation guides for how to downgrade your platform.

---

This update introduces **2 new roles** and updates to the Neutral buckets!

See changelog below for bugfixes and improvements.

<!--truncate-->

### New Impostor Power Role — The Spellslinger!

The **Spellslinger** hexes players and releases a Hex Bomb! Crew must eliminate the Spellslinger or race to complete tasks before the hex clock runs out...

### New Neutral Outlier Role — The Chef!

The **Chef** cooks dead bodies and must feed them to others to fulfill their quota to leave in victory!

---

### Changelog

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Role Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmates**</summary>
* Vigilante no longer wastes a use while guessing.
* If a Prosecutor is punished and dies as a Celebrity, their death is no longer displayed.
* Jailor no longer errors out from certain kills.
* Hunter Retribution should appear for all clients properly now.
* Medic will no longer trigger the shield if the kill button isn't usable.
* Mirrorcaster will no longer trigger the mirror if the kill button isn't usable.
* When an Amnesiac/Imitator becomes Snitch, their progress automatically updates.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Impostors**</summary>
* Blackmailed victims are prevented from voting correctly.
* Undertaker properly drops dead bodies.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutrals**</summary>
* If an Executioner's target becomes a Vampire, they will no longer be able to end the game, but will still win.
* Mercenary can no longer become Phantom if they bribed a player or had their role taken by an Amnesiac.
</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Miscellaneous Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Modifier Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Aftermath will now properly trigger abilities as intended.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Other Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Wiki appears in front of all UI elements
* First Round Shield will no longer trigger if the kill button isn't usable.
* FFA Impostor Mode now hides impostor names from the chat.
* Guess counts should no longer be counted in the main kill counter for the summary.
* Haunter and Phantom no longer appear camouflaged during comms.
* When a player disconnects, anyone who voted for them should no longer be stuck without a vote.
* Client-side murders should no longer be an issue.
</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Changes and Additions**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Changes**</summary>
* Mirrorcaster now has four types of information it can display based on the attack.
* Inquisitor is no longer a Neutral Evil, but rather a Neutral Outlier alongside the new neutral role.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Additions**</summary>
* Toggle Spectators options is under General Options.
* Inquisitor Vanquish Round One toggle has been added
* Rich Presence on Discord now shows the mod icon.
* New Neutral Buckets: Neutral Wildcard (Non-Killing Neutrals) and Neutral Special (Neutral Killing and Outlier)
* **New Neutral Outlier Role: The Chef!**
  This role takes the dead bodies of players and feeds them to others, which all fulfills their quota to leave in victory!
* **New Impostor Power Role: The Spellslinger!**
  This role hexes players to then set off a hex bomb, in which the crew will need to get rid of the Spellslinger or finish their tasks against the hex clock.
</details>
</details>
