---
slug: update-101
title:  v1.0.1 Update
authors: [moon]
---
## Town of Us: Mira has updated to v1.0.1!
**Note:** This update requires a new install.

### Changelog

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Role Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmates**</summary>
* Detective report settings are now toggled correctly.
* Haunter can open Decontam doors again!
* Investigator footprints are hidden in comms sabotage.
* Prosecutor's prosecution is always anonymous.
* Prosecutor can no longer pros the skip button.
* If you are jailed and your Jailor dies mid-meeting, your messages are not displaced into public chat.
* Altruist revives dead lovers properly.
* Imitator Mayor no longer reveals themselves to the crew as Imitator.
* Imitator role change rpc has been fixed, shouldn't result in errors anymore.
* Medium arrows are removed after a meeting.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Impostors**</summary>
* A player that's destined to become Traitor no longer holds the game if they are dead.
* Warlock no longer starts with a full charge after each meeting.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutrals**</summary>
* Inquisitor checks if all their targets have died to determine if the game will end or not
* Inquisitor Inquire uses no longer drain if someone was picked during the round already
* Inquisitor report no longer duplicates the last role
* Phantom will spawn correctly if Haunter failed to spawn
* Phantom can open Decontam doors again!
* Soul Collected players will now hide in comms correctly
</details> 
</details>


<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Miscellaneous Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Modifier Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Celebrity no longer sends a report message when they are exiled.
* In Freeplay, removing the Shy modifier no longer keeps your player or pet invisible.
* Multitasker no longer makes security minigames transparent.
* Taskmaster no longer finishes a task after the role intro.
* Lovers die together and revive together properly.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Other Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Spamming to join into a lobby is no longer possible, and will not queue a join attempt repeatedly.
* Zooming in freeplay no longer shows broken shadows, instead opting to hide them.
* Messages with 0 characters will no longer be parsed through private chats.
* Long mode no longer trips up the game.
</details>

</details>


<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Improvements and Changes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Improvements**</summary>
* The `/setname` command now has a limit of 12 characters and removes tmp text.
* Lovers chatbox is hidden in the exile screen.
* Colorblind text is now always capitalized in all menus.
* Tawny and Gold color names have been swapped around.
* More errors have been cleared up, so there will be less filler in logs and the game will be smoother.
* Wiki hides the host player UI in the lobby.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Additions and Changes**</summary>
* **Added:** "Jailee Can Use Public Chat" toggle.
* **Added:** New Colors!
* **Added:** Long Horse April Fools (Long and Long Horse have issues with cosmetics, be aware of this).
* **Removed:** `/sethost` command.
</details>

</details>

<!-- truncate -->
