---
slug: update-105
title: v1.0.5 Update
authors: moon
---
## Town of Us: Mira has updated to [v1.0.5](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/releases/tag/v1.0.5)!
<sub> **Note:** Some Epic Games users may experience crashes or failure to launch due to a change in the base game version. The dev team are aware of this issue, but there is no solution at this time. </sub>

### Changelog

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>Role Bugfixes</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmates**</summary>
* Rainbow Tracker arrows will be rainbow instead of black.
* The Mayor is no longer able to become Traitor.
* Prosecutor no longer ends meetings instantly.
* Oracle Blessing stops the assassin from guessing.
* Footprint intervals are now in time, not distance.
* Footprints are layered correctly.
* If specified, trapper uses are reset properly after each round.
* If the "Jailee Can Use Public Chat" option is disabled, the Jailee can speak properly in the private chatbox.
* If a Deputy camps a player in a 1v2, and the camped player dies, the Deputy continues the game correctly.
* Deputies no longer hold onto the killer information from the previous round.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Impostors**</summary>
* The Hypnotist can no longer hypnotize once Mass Hysteria is in action.
* If the Hypnotist dies or disconnects, then the hypnosis wears off.
* Egotist and Executioner Target should no longer be able to become Traitor.
* Traitor spawn is fixed.
* Traitor's cooldown no longer drops down to 10 seconds when changing their role.
* Bombs no longer trigger within meetings.
* Bombs will appear for teammates correctly.
* Miner vents are fixed in Weapons (Polus) and can no longer be placed inside doors.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutrals**</summary>
* Amnesiac takes away unique roles correctly again.
* Plaguebearer infections do not spread from meeting kills.
* Executioner and GA have better checks for their targets dying.
* If the Amnesiac was a target for an Inquisitor, and they pick up the role of said Inquisitor, their role will be removed from the list of heretics.
</details> 
</details>


<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Miscellaneous Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Modifier Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Lover death checks run on the host, removing the need for two separate death checks.
* If a Scavenger has a lover, they will no longer target them.
* It is no longer possible to have a neutral lover if the setting is disabled.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Other Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Rainbow text color in the host panel and the chat pop-ups are rainbow instead of black now.
* Death Valley task is now accounted for correctly; fixes the red map and the task being inaccessible.
* It is no longer possible to get Traitor, Lovers, Pestilence, or a killing target as GA when the respective options are set to 0%.
* Hidden shields should no longer appear in the modifiers HUD.
* The offset button no longer shows a comms symbol when comms are off.
* Setting the amount of impostors via role list overrides vanilla settings now.
* If you get shot out of a meeting, your buttons should no longer show up.
* Game will no longer end within the exile screen (which affected Prosecutor in a 1v1).
</details>

</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Improvements and Changes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Improvements**</summary>
* Task progress now shifts from red to yellow, to green.
* Modifier assignment is now shuffled instead of being alphabetical.
* There is now a tally for the number of tabs in the cosmetics menu.
* In meetings, certain roles will show information, such as Doomsayer and Vigi seeing guesses needed/available, or for prosecutor uses, or even showing double shot usage for assassins.
* First Round Shield was recoded to prevent it from breaking if the first player to die disconnected, and also keeps track of up to 4 players if the first dead player isn't in the next match.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Additions and Changes**</summary>
* **Added:** Lovers can still kill each other by default, but this can be changed via a toggle.
* **Added:** Cause of death is shown on the endscreen and in-game.
* **Added:** Added an option for meeting deaths to add time to the vote timer.
* **Added:** Added back "GA Target Knows" option.
* **Changed:** Jester Haunt, Executioner Torment, and Phantom Spook no longer appear on round start; instead, a new button will appear to haunt/torment/spook a player of your choice.
* **Changed:** Morphling Sample has no cooldown anymore.
* **Changed:** Escapist Mark has no cooldown anymore.
* **Changed:** Eclipsed and Flashed players can use their abilities again, but may not report bodies.
* **Changed:** Double Shot is now an Assailant Modifier, applying to Impostors as well as Neutral Killers.
* **Changed:** Investigator Footprints are now closer to how TOUR Footprints appear and act.
* **Removed:** Impostors both being lovers can no longer happen as it simply life-links impostors to no benefit.
</details>

</details>

<!-- truncate -->
