---
slug: update-111
title: v1.1.1 Update
authors: moon
---
## Town of Us: Mira has updated to [v1.1.1](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/releases/tag/v1.1.1)!
<sub>**Note:** Some Epic Games users may experience crashes or failure to launch due to a change in the base game version. 
The dev team is aware of this issue and are trying to find a solution. </sub>

### Changelog


<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Role Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmates**</summary>
* Detective no longer throws null errors, which broke ghost roles in the process.
* Blessed guessers no longer stay alive from misguessing.
* Haunter calculations actually work properly.
* Transporter can no longer throw players out of bounds, again. ([PR #55](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/pull/55), Nix-main).
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Impostors**</summary>
* Ambusher cannot drop bodies into the wall anymore ([PR #53](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/pull/53), Nix-main).
* Ambusher and Scavenger Arrows are removed correctly when a meeting starts.
* Ambusher has extra checks to remove the animation when a meeting starts or if the ambusher is killed mid-ambush.
* Ambassador may only retrain themselves in FFA Impostor Mode now.
* Solo killing settings for Blackmailer and Undertaker now work correctly.
* Dragging a body between vents as Undertaker is now instant.
* If the Swooper has limited uses, then they cannot go under 0 uses.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutrals**</summary>
* Extra checks are added with Haunt/Torment/Spook menus to not linger around and allow double kills.
* Jester no longer overrides their cause of death when Prosecuted.
</details> 
</details>


<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Miscellaneous Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Modifier Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Lover death checks are run on the dead lover's end instead of everyone else's end, fixing lovers not dying together properly.
* Telepath cannot spawn with FFA Impostor Mode anymore.
* When the Prosecutor fails and dies, they will not announce their death if they're a Celebrity.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Other Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Target assignment is now done in a specific order, so ego exe targets, ego traitor, exe with lover target should no longer be possible.
* The In-Game Wiki shows Pestilence and Mayor entries properly again.
* The Guess Menu checks for role chance AND amount correctly.
* If Executioner and Guardian Angel turn into disabled roles on target death, then said roles can be guessed.
</details>

</details>


<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Improvements and Changes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Improvements**</summary>
* The subtitle for the Win Screen with nobody winning is now renamed to "Game Draw!" instead of "Nobody Wins!" as Neutral Evils can still win.
* Main Menu has been slightly adjusted visually; the major change is the April Fools Selector now being moved into the main UI.
* Redundant April Fools check was removed. ([PR #57](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/pull/57), Astral).
* Added chat tags for roles and modifiers by doing #soul-collector or &celebrity for example. ([PR #58](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/pull/58), Chipseq).
* Keybinds are far more responsive now.
* Doomsayer report shows vanilla roles/non TOU roles under an outsider category.
* Doomsayer report shows clickable wiki entries for role reports.
* Celebrity message shows a clickable Wiki entry for their killer's role.
* Camo Comms should no longer be prone to crashing.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Additions and Changes**</summary>
* **Added:** Bomb Round One Option has been added for Bomber. ([PR #54](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/pull/54), Nix-main).
</details>
</details>

