---
slug: update-120
title: v1.2.0 Update
authors: moon
---
## Town of Us: Mira has updated to [v1.2.0](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/releases/tag/v1.2.0)!
This update is compatible with the latest Among Us version (v17.0.0). Please be sure to update your base game before installing.

See changelog below for bugfixes and improvements.

<sub>**Note:** The Epic Games crash issues have largely been resolved with this update. If you experience crashes or failure to launch, please make a **Mira Bug Ticket** ticket in the [TOU Support](https://discord.com/channels/890249154402586734/900986905154453504) Discord server and provide your LogOutput & ErrorLogs (found in the BepInEx folder) and your system operating information.</sub>

<!--truncate-->

### Changelog

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Role Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmates**</summary>
* If the Lookout disconnects or gets converted, their feedback will no longer be shown to others in the chat.
* Snitch is revealed properly to the Traitor as intended.
* Traitor will always see the Snitch regardless of settings, but Snitch can only see Traitor based on specific settings.
* Tracker and Engineer get task uses properly.
* Mirrorcaster can no longer Unleash onto the player that they protect at the same time.
* The Sheriff can kill the Ambassador without misfiring (bad checks).
* The Prosecutor button is no longer hidden when the skip button is hidden.
* Jailee is no longer in Jail if the Jailor is converted.
* The Mayor no longer trips up Traitor checks from sending repetitive requests to all players.
* Fixing Comms as the Engineer no longer uses up two charges.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Impostors**</summary>
* Traitor can no longer vent as a ghost.
* Hypnotist applies the same body type to all players, and clears properly without breaking.
* Swooper player names are no longer revealed during Camo Comms.
* Morphling player names are no longer revealed during Camo Comms after unmorphing.
* Ambusher can no longer get outed when they are taking bodies away.
* When the Ambusher's victim is revived while their body is taken away, the ambusher will no longer softlock.
* Miner vents are fully disabled from other roles if they aren't visible.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutrals**</summary>
* Amnesiac Inquisitor can no longer target themselves.
* Phantom, Executioner, and Jester ghost kills are now run through a more direct method to force a murder at all costs.
* Glitch player names are no longer revealed during Camo Comms after un-mimicking.
</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Miscellaneous Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Modifier Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Celebrity Report no longer gets parsed incorrectly.
* When Spooked by a Phantom, the Celebrity shows their cause of death as Spooked properly.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Other Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Haunter, Phantom, and Snitch now ignore Sabotage and Non-Task Information on the task list.
* There are now checks to prevent votes on dead players or votes happening from dead players.
</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Improvements and Changes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Improvements**</summary>
* Chat Tags now italicize on hover. (PR [#65](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/pull/65), Chipseq)
* Controllers on the Main Menu can now select the April Fools Toggle.
* Chat is now hidden from recently killed players.
* Your abilities can no longer be triggered when typing in lovers chat.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Changes**</summary>
* Nearly complete Chinese translations, as well as partial translations for Dutch, French, German, Russian, and Spanish.
* Players can now spectate in games by running "/spec" in their chat.
* It is now possible to change what ranges of buttons are affected by the starting cooldown, if any.
</details>

</details>

