---
slug: update-140
title: v1.4.0 Update
authors: moon
---

## Town of Us: Mira has updated to [v1.4.0](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/releases/tag/v1.4.0)!

This version is compatible with the latest Among Us version (v.17.1.0). Please be sure to do a fresh install.

This update includes:

- Modded Hide and Seek!
- A new alliance modifier — Crewposter!
- Role reworks for Seer, Altruist and Egotist!
- New cosmetics!

See changelog below for bugfixes, changes and improvements.

- **Note:** Offline Practice Mode does **not** work for Epic Games at this time.

<!--truncate-->

### Changelog

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Role Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmates**</summary>
* Hunter will no longer get their retribution on their last vote when Prosecuted.
* Politician checks now round up rather than round down.
* Mayor reveal no longer loops when opening the guess menu or wiki.
* Mirrorcaster's attack information is now displayed properly.
* Oracle now has Neutral Outlier Settings.
* Lookout can no longer see basic Impostor/Crewmate Ghosts interact with their target.
* Seer checks neutral outliers properly.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Impostors**</summary>
* Ambusher animation loads properly for all players.
* Spellslinger is no longer outed in the meeting.
* Miner vents in Submerged now use the regular vent type rather than the pipe vent.
* Traitor no longer spawns without cooldowns.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutrals**</summary>
* Amnesiac!Politician can campaign properly.
* Survivor no longer survives death from scatter with their vest.
* Werewolf cooldown is no longer locked to 5 seconds.
</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Miscellaneous Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Other Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Fixed the lack of Neutral Outliers causing Wildcard Role buckets to spawn basic Crewmates.
* Screen Flashes (from the likes of Medic, Warden, etc) now work during sabotages.
* When going from a build that has Level Impostor or Submerged to one without them, the host menu will no longer softlock the game.
* Any players who become Phantom will no longer hide their kill counters in the end-game summary.
* Dummies in Freeplay/Practice Mode will always get a role without erroring out.
* Submerged finally works on ToU: Mira and no longer breaks cooldowns.
* Game End Timer no longer instantly ends the game if the previous match ended from time running out.
* Buttons can no longer have negative cooldowns.
* It is no longer possible to have multiple button modifiers with the same keybind.
* Skeld doors on other maps work again.
* Discord Rich Presence shows mod count properly.
* Vanilla roles are properly displayed alongside other ToU roles.
</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Changes, Improvements and Additions**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Changes**</summary>
* Base game Engineer can no longer be used in ToU Mira.
* ToU Detective, Tracker, Guardian Angel, and Phantom have been renamed to Forensic, Sonar, Fairy, and Spectre.
* Vanilla Viper has been moved into the Impostor Killing alignment.
* Altruist by default sacrifices themselves when reviving, and can be changed to be like old Altruist or even older Altruist.
* Egotist now speeds up players and lowers cooldowns the longer they stay alive, which is configurable.
* Mercenary will protect players from attacks and gain double the profit by default.
* Seer has been reworked into its Town of Salem counterpart, comparing two separate players. (Not finalized)
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Improvements**</summary>
* Kill buttons and vent buttons are now organized in such a way to match vanilla and TOUR, respectively.
* All maps now have offsets for Short Tasks, Long Tasks, and Cooldowns under the Better Map options.
* Vanilla Viper now has the cause of death "Disintegrated".
* Celebrity death message is now formatted as a list.
* Dying to Submerged Oxygen now shows "Suffocated" as the cause of death.
* Mayor sees all players they campaigned after reveal.
* Freeplay now has three buttons available for enhanced testing.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Additions**</summary>
* It is now possible to switch between Vanilla role assignment, Role List, and Min/Max Neutral List.
* Modded Hide and Seek is now possible!
* New Vanilla Tweak Options: Walk to Medscan Toggle, Hidden Pets, Removal Of Pets Upon Body Cleanse
* New Alliance Modifier: Crewpostor! A Crewpostor is a crewmate that works solely for the Impostors, and becomes Traitor upon their deaths.
* New options were added for independent configuration of dead players.
* New options for Camouflage Comms: Camouflage Kill Screens in Comms, Hide Player Size, and Hide Player Speed.
* New option for All Maps: Specified Door Types, including No Doors and Random Doors
* Added dlekS into the randomized map list and in the game settings window.
* Nearly all sabotage countdowns are now configurable.
</details>
</details>
