---
slug: update-153
title: v1.5.3 Update
authors: moon
---

## Town of Us: Mira has updated to [v1.5.3](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/releases/tag/v1.5.3)!

This update includes bug fixes and improved map configurations! Be sure to do a fresh install.

See changelog below for bugfixes, changes and improvements.

<!--truncate-->

### Changelog

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Role Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmate Roles**</summary>
* Veteran should no longer crash from trying to defend and retaliate against Pestilence.
* Imitator should properly show the crewmate variants of roles.
* Mystic can see the location of viper bodies properly now.
* Sentry now shows up in Doomsayer hints.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutral Roles**</summary>
* Arsonist should no longer break when igniting a shielded player.
* Amneniac can no longer be its own Executioner/Fairy target, preventing game crashes.
* Glitch Hack no longer breaks kills when triggered by a basic button press.
* Pestilence announcement now works properly.
* Spectre should no longer cause issues with win conditions.
</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Miscellaneous Bugfixes**</summary>
* URole changing mid animation no longer softlocks the player.
* Player checks are cached, resulting in better performance.
* Kill animations should no longer break from corrupted memory.
* Kills should no longer desync.
* Pseudo-spectators should no longer appear in meetings.

</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Changes, Improvements and Additions**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Changes**</summary>
#### For Developers:
* The Player Reveal system has been changed a bit. Use BaseRevealModifier instead!
* MeetingMenu abilities can now have text, but this is optional for mod developers.
#### Other Changes:
* Medium is no longer a Support role, and is now an Investigative role.
* Rotting now has the base game Viper animation (and isn't removed from the player list).
* Neutrals and Egotist now have a grey map.
* Impostors and Crewpostor always have a red map now.
* Some game options have moved into the Game Mechanics category.
* The mod now displays a new smooth splash screen.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Improvements**</summary>
* Meeting abilities now have text that can be translated.
* The Eiki now shows colors based on alignment rather than actual role color.
* Alliance modifiers now display a notification explaining the player's objective.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Additions**</summary>
* Veteran can now be told if an attack was attempted on them in the meeting (Optional).
* Amnesiac by default picks up faction modifiers.
* All neutrals have objective text in their task list, just like Impostors.
</details>
</details>
