---
slug: update-163
title: v1.6.3 Update
authors: [moon]
---

## Town of Us: Mira has updated to [v1.6.3](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/releases/tag/1.6.1)!

This update includes bug fixes and improvements: see the full changelog below.

As always, be sure to do a fresh install!

<!--truncate-->

---

<!--truncate-->

### Changelog

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Role & Modifier Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmates**</summary>
- Officer now sees Prosecutor as a valid killer.
- Monarch is no longer immune to basic interactions when they have a shield.
- Cleric Barrier duration is no longer tied to its cooldown.
- Warden no longer resets cooldowns to one second.
- Engineer and Plumber interact with vents in a more optimized fashion. (PR #190 by @TheDavSmasher)
- Plumber barricades prevent all venters from entering properly. (PR #192 by @TheDavSmasher)
- Sentry Cameras are no longer placed below the map.

</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Impostors**</summary>
- Shapeshifter now inherits fake shields on players, like how Morphling / Glitch do.
- Parasite and Puppeteer can interact with Ladders, Platforms, and Ziplines properly. [PR #176, DrFreezyYT](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/pull/176).
- Pet Button no longer interferes with forced player map interactions.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutrals**</summary>
- Arsonist douse count is no longer more than intended.
- Executioner can no longer torment when their target becomes evil.
</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Other Bug Fixes**</summary>
- Pets tab now says "Pets" rather than "Hats."
- Directly clicking on security utilities like Admin is no longer possible if task requirements aren't met.
- End Game Timer is no longer broken.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Changes and Improvements**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Changes**</summary>
- Miner now places Polus vents and has an animation paired with it.
- By default, Sonar now uses Heartbeats instead of arrows to keep track of players.
- Haunter now marks players with a dark red name when they are revealed.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Improvements**</summary>
- Glitch, Morphling, and Swooper now have better vent settings.
- UI changes are far more optimized now.
- Destroyed animations are now cleared from memory properly.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Additions**</summary>
- TOU Mira: Legacy is now a part of the main mod.
- Role Name placement is now configurable in terms of size and position.
- Added configurable mod stamp placement.
- Added "TV Show" style for Skeld visuals.
</details>

</details>

<!-- truncate -->
