---
slug: update-161
title: v1.6.1 Update
authors: [moon]
---

## Town of Us: Mira has updated to [v1.6.1](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/releases/tag/1.6.1)!

This update includes bug fixes and improvements: see the full changelog below.

As always, be sure to do a fresh install!

<!--truncate-->

---

**Known bugs with this update:**

- Controlled players (via Parasite/Puppeteer) appear to be stuck in a walk cycle when they are walking onto a wall, showing they are under control.
- Neutral Wildcard may duplicate the amount of each neutral present if any selected slots are wildcards.
- Ghostwalkers are sometimes unable to use the Zipline, Platform, or Ladders.
- When Haunter finishes their tasks, sometimes the Impostors will not get an arrow to the Haunter, essentially screwing them over.
- Pets aren't removed based on settings properly.
- Medic Shield still doesn't get shattered properly with the settings.

**Known Hide and Seek Bugs:**

- The Seeker is missing animations for the Hiders.
- Hiders ignore their vent uses.

---

<!--truncate-->

### Changelog

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Role & Modifier Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmates**</summary>
- Officer no longer breaks across game sessions.

</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Impostors**</summary>
- Grenadier flash no longer breaks kill screens and meetings.
- Dragging Viper / Rotting bodies no longer breaks Undertaker.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutrals**</summary>
- Executioner Torment kills players again.
- Jester Haunt kills players again.
- Mercenary protection is removed upon their death.
- Arsonist interactions contribute towards the douse limit.
</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Other Bug Fixes**</summary>
- Spectators that join without running **/spec** are no longer half-dead.
- When Crewpostor replaces a real Impostor, the player being replaced gets a proper role.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Other Bugfixes**</summary>
- Impostor replaced by a Crewpostor can no longer see their previous task text.
- Camo Comms no longer shows other player names when revived.
- Doors can be set to Skeld doors or be flat out removed properly on Submerged.
- Private Chat is no longer broken.
- Players disconnecting from the lobby no longer breaks the player count.
- Disconnected players no longer leak their role color.
- Submerged and Level Impostor no longer break when loading base game map assets.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Changes and Improvements**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Changes**</summary>
dlekS tooltip in the Create Game Menu is legible now.
Imitator now shows (Imi) next to their name while imitating roles.
Zoom and Wiki buttons can be changed to be below or next to the Settings / Chat button.
Amnesiac's Assassin configuration is improved.
Lobby view pane has been adjusted to be smaller.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Improvements**</summary>
- Assassin is now shown as a modifier, unless Double Shot is present, with a better wiki description.
- Misguessing now shows who/what was attempted to be guessed in the end game summary [PR #173, DivanNL](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/pull/173).
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Additions**</summary>
- Keybind Actions are now available under the local settings, primarily for Android players.
- The host can now run /kick and /ban mid-game [PR #170, VoidChaos](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/pull/170)
</details>

</details>

<!-- truncate -->
