---
slug: update-159
title: v1.5.9 Update
authors: [moon]
---

## Town of Us: Mira has updated to v1.5.9!

This update includes critical changes and bug fixes, and introduces a new role. As always, be sure to do a fresh install!

**Known bugs with this update:**

- Operative and Sentry Portable cameras are unusable on Android.
- Some roles (such as Hunter) are known to have issues on Android, for reasons unknown to us.
- Private chats are invisible to players killed mid-meeting.
- Neutral Wildcard may duplicate the amount of each neutral present if any selected slots are wildcards.

See changelog below for full list of bug fixes, changes and improvements.

---

<!--truncate-->

## New Role — The [Herbalist](/docs/roles/impostor/power/herablist) (Impostor Power)

The Herbalist has many abilities tied to one cooldown, either to help Impostors or to affect what others see.

**Herablist Abilities:**

- **Expose:** Expose a player to all Impostors, revealing their role but preventing them from being guessed.
- **Confuse:** Confuse a player with fungal spores to prevent them from identifying players.
- **Protect:** Protect a player temporarily as if you were a Cleric, including other impostors.

---

### Changelog

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Role & Modifier Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmates**</summary>
* Monarch's Round One setting is properly checked.
* May be fixed: Medic Shield is no longer ignored if it is supposed to break.

</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Impostors**</summary>
* Hypnotist no longer breaks Mix-Up or kill animations.
* Ambusher is no longer caught by Investigator footprints.
* Traitor is no longer unguessable if Crewpostor is disabled.
* Players controlled by a Puppeteer can no longer no-clip when they're too close to the wall.
* Grenadier's flash no longer prevents abilities from being used. (besides reports).
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutrals**</summary>
* Amnesiac properly removes their "win condition" information from the task tab.
* Doomsayer causes of death appear consistently now.
* Spectre no longer prevents Neutral Evils from winning.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Modifiers**</summary>
* Lovers can no longer chat when under control

</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Miscellaneous Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Other Bug Fixes**</summary>
* Ghostwalker roles spawn properly on Submerged
* Players are no longer kicked out of vents that there were no longer present in.
* Multi-kills from Bomber and Arsonist no longer break when one of the players is shielded
* Negative rounds will no longer appear in the Game Summary.
* Skeld decor settings are now checked properly.
* dlekS will no longer cause the Create Game Menu to freeze.
* "Airship" is no longer shown when "dlekS" is actually selected.
* Better Skeld's Vent Network connects the Navigation vent to Weapons properly.
</details>

</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Improvements and Changes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Improvements**</summary>
* More roles have role banners in the game options pane.
* More role and modifier icons have been redrawn in a higher quality.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Main Changes**</summary>
* [Medium](/docs/roles/crewmate/investigative/Medium.md) has been fully reworked.
* The wiki now has a way to view game settings and includes a Terminology page.
* Ghost roles are now in an Afterlife category rather than Crew Investigative or Neutral Evil.
* Vanilla roles have their own colors now, and are fully integrated into the mod.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Critical Changes**</summary>
* All Role List buckets are reset! The options are now unable to be affected by the addition of extra role buckets.
* Kills are now confirmed by the host before they are visible for everyone else. This means that there are no more death desyncs.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Chat Changes**</summary>
* When a player is kicked for missing a mod, the host is now properly notified.
* Lobby Rules Messages are now titled "Lobby Rules" instead of "System".
* Added /info command for roles with meeting info. ([PR #143](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/pull/142), idkimneil)
</details>

</details>

<!-- truncate -->
