---
slug: update-150
title: v1.5.0 Update
authors: moon
---

## Town of Us: Mira has updated to [v1.5.0](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/releases/tag/v1.5.0)!

#### This version runs on the latest version of Among Us. A fresh install is recommended to ensure no conflicts with old files!

This update introduces 5 new roles and 2 new Impostor modifiers!

See changelog below for bugfixes, changes and improvements.

<!-- truncate -->

---

## New Roles!

### The [Monarch](/docs/roles/crewmate/power/monarch) (Crewmate Power)

The **Monarch** can knight other players, giving them additional votes.

### The [Sentry](/docs/roles/crewmate/support/sentry) (Crewmate Support)

The **Sentry** can place additional cameras across the map, which can then be viewed from Security or by players with portable cameras.

### The [Time Lord](/docs/roles/crewmate/power/time%20lord) (Crewmate Power)

The **Time Lord** can rewind time, forcing players to retrace their path and potentially reviving fallen players!

### The [Parasite](/docs/roles/impostor/killing/parasite) (Impostor Powwer)

The **Parasite** can overtake a nearby player and temporarily control their movement before killing them.

### The [Puppeteer](/docs/roles/impostor/power/puppeteer) (Impostor Power)

The **Puppeteer** can control other players and force them to kill someone else.

---

## New Modifiers!

### Circumvent (Impostor Passive)

You lose the ability to vent around the map.

### Deadly Quota (Impostor Passive)

You must meet your kill quota or lose the game, even if fellow Impostors win.

---

### Changelog

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Role Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmates**</summary>
* Prosecutor's use is no longer wasted when their selection dies mid-meeting.
* Jailor uses are no longer removed 2 times in a row.
* Veteran no longer loses instantly in a 1v1 when on their last alert.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Impostors**</summary>
* Traitor can be guessed properly again.
* Undertaker's Drag/Drop button no longer locks up after consecutive games.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutrals**</summary>
* Amnesiac, Executioner and Fairy will see their target properly.
* Doomsayer guesses now appear properly instead of appearing as kills.
</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Miscellaneous Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Modifier Fixes**</summary>
* Crewpostor is treated as a regular Impostor and no longer loses when only Crewmates remain.
* Disperse no longer breaks on Ladders or Platforms.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Other Bug Fixes**</summary>
* First round death indicator no longer exposes morphed players.
* Vanilla roles are now properly clickable in chats to open their wiki entries.
* Epic Games can use Practice mode again.
</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Changes, Improvements and Additions**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Changes**</summary>
* The private chatboxes are no longer toggled via separate buttons, but rather within the chat itself.
* Local Settings have been split up into two tabs, and the button slider has moved under MiraAPI Settings.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Improvements**</summary>
* Morphing into a player with the First Death Shield will show a fake shield.
* Guesser Menu now allows you to search for roles and modifiers for ease of use.
* Most cooldowns can now go from 5 seconds all the way to 2 minutes.
* Options for Sheriff, Vampire, Oracle, and Vigilante are compressed within the wiki.
* New artwork has been added, and some old artwork has been cleaned up.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Additions**</summary>
* Better Airship Option: No Ladder Cooldown.
* Mystic Option: Show Death Pop-Up.
* Arsonist Option: Impostor Vision. (Parity Change from TOUR)
* Altruist Option: Kill on Revive Start.
* Grenadier Option: Flash During Sabotage. (Parity Change from TOUR)
* Host-Only Option: Toggle Lobby No-Clip.
* New Impostor Roles: Parasite and Puppeteer.
* New Crewmate Roles: Monarch, Sentry, and Time Lord.
* New Impostor Modifiers: Circumvent and Deadly Quota.
* Hosts can now add a "LobbyRules.txt" file next to the mod to show their houserules in-game ([PR #108](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/pull/108), Neil).
</details>
</details>
