---
slug: update-162
title: v1.6.2 Update
authors: [moon]
---

## Town of Us: Mira has updated to [v1.6.2](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/releases/tag/1.6.2)!

This update includes bug fixes and improvements: see the full changelog below.

As always, be sure to do a fresh install!

<!--truncate-->

---

**Known Bugs:**

- Neutral Wildcard may duplicate the amount of each neutral present if any selected slots are wildcards.
- Ghostwalkers are sometimes unable to use the Zipline, Platform, or Ladders.

**Known Hide n Seek Bugs:**

- The Seeker is missing animations for the hiders.
- Hiders ignore their vent uses.

---

<!--truncate-->

### Changelog

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Role Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmates**</summary>
- Medium's Spirit movement no longer carries over from Time Lord rewinds.
- Killers now get arrows that point to the Haunter when they complete their tasks.
- Medic no longer breaks when a player is protected by multiple Medics. Only one Medic will be flashed at a time.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Impostors**</summary>
- Venerer no longer displays its effects as "Visual" modifiers.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutrals**</summary>
- Glitch no longer resets mimic cooldowns for other Glitches.
</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Other Bug Fixes**</summary>
- Changing the UI scale mid-game no longer breaks the UI at the top right.
- Chat messages are now capped to a maximum of 20 public and 20 private chat messages to prevent crashing.
- Roles are no longer revealed immediately upon death.
- Pets are removed based on settings properly.
- Celebrity's cause of death now displays all causes of death.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Other Bugfixes**</summary>
- Impostor replaced by a Crewpostor can no longer see their previous task text.
- Camo Comms no longer shows other player names when revived.
- Doors can be set to Skeld doors or be flat-out removed properly on Submerged.
- Private Chat is no longer broken.
- Players disconnecting from the lobby no longer breaks the player count.
- Disconnected players no longer leak their role color.
- Submerged and Level Impostor no longer break when loading base game map assets.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Changes and Improvements**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Changes**</summary>
- Monarch will no longer be able to change their shield appearance, and is now always Grey. A future patch will allow further configuration, but not to the same degree as before with Warden / Cleric flashing.
- Seer can no longer compare revealed players.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Improvements**</summary>
- It is now possible to disable any host keybind if you tend to misclick.
- Survivor, Fairy, and 1st Round Shield protection will flash grey, as a way to not appear unresponsive.l/173).
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Additions**</summary>
- Two custom pets have been added
- Game Mechanic Option: All Shields Flash Anonymously.
- Top-Right UI can now be scaled up and down.
</details>

</details>

<!-- truncate -->
