---
slug: update-160
title: v1.6.0 Update
authors: [moon]
---

## Town of Us: Mira has updated to [v1.6.0](https://github.com/AU-Avengers/TOU-Mira/releases/tag/1.6.0)!

This update includes bug fixes and improvements from the previous version(s). As always, be sure to do a fresh install!

**Note:** Before playing, you must reset your keybinds, otherwise your W key will be bound to the zoom key, and Puppeteer/Parasite will be broken, so on and so forth.

See changelog below for the full list of bug fixes, known bugs and changes/improvements.

<!--truncate-->

**Known bugs with this update:**

- Private chats are invisible to players killed mid-meeting.
- Private chats for living players sometimes get deleted when a new public chat message is added.
- Controlled players (via Parasite/Puppeteer) appear to be stuck in a walk cycle when they are walking onto a wall, showing they are under control.
- Neutral Wildcard may duplicate the amount of each neutral present if any selected slots are wildcards.
- Ghostwalkers are sometimes unable to use the Zipline, Platform, or Ladders.
- When Haunter finishes their tasks, sometimes the Impostors will not get an arrow to the Haunter, essentially screwing them over.

**Known Hide and Seek Bugs:**

- The Seeker is missing animations for the hiders
- Hiders ignore their vent uses

---

<!--truncate-->

### Changelog

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Role & Modifier Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Crewmates**</summary>
- Medic can no longer hand out shields again when settings forbid them.
- Medic shields are destroyed properly if the setting is set.
- Re-applying Magic Mirrors immediately no longer breaks.
- Guardian Angel's protection is properly checked.
- Engineer can no longer bypass Plumber's Barricades.
- Operative and Sentry's Portable cameras are now functioning on Android.
- Medium properly hides pets when anonymous players are enabled.
- Monarch can properly knight regardless of the First Round Use setting.

</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Impostors**</summary>
- Shapeshifter's name is properly changed.
- Parasite victims properly die when the time runs out.
- Hypnotist's Hysteria can no longer softlock the player upon death.
- Warlock's Burst Kill works again.
- Herbalist's herbs reset properly across rounds.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Neutrals**</summary>
- First-Round settings no longer interfere with Amnesiac
- Fairy can no longer target Neutral Outliers.
- Spectre can spook properly again.
</details>
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Miscellaneous Bugfixes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Other Bug Fixes**</summary>
- Spectators who join without running /spec are no longer half-dead.
- When Crewpostor replaces a real Impostor, the player being replaced gets a proper role.
</details>

</details>

<details className="customdetails">
  <summary>**Improvements and Changes**</summary>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Improvements**</summary>
- Egotist and Crewpostor labels are shortened on player names.
- The Wiki now allows searching by faction/alignment.
- Disconnected players are kept properly displayed in the meeting and in the end-game summary.
- Camo Comms, Mix-Up, and Vent System checks are far more optimized now, reducing lagspikes and general instability.
- Plumber now has a Flush duration, blocking any vents in use for a set duration.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Changes**</summary>
- Current Region is now displayed in the lobby.
- Trapper's feedback now includes Hyperlinks.
- Many game settings are reorganized.
- April Fools mode is temporarily removed from the main menu for the sake of stability.
</details>

<details className="customdetails">
<summary>**Additions**</summary>
- Cleaned bodies can now be set to display as Missing, Disconnected, or Dead, applicable to Viper, Rotting, Chef, and Janitor.
- Kill Animation background can now optionally be colored based on the killer's Faction or Role Color.
- Added Role List Bucket tooltips while hovering (PR #156 by Maxi0fc)
- Investigator footprints can now be set to be based on Distance or Time.
- New Crewmate Killing role has been added: Officer.
</details>

</details>

<!-- truncate -->
